Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Who are you?!
I represent the Magazine Glossy
Princess Contest! In short, MGPC!
MGPC?
Yes. We'll introduce
all 12 girls in our magazine.
We'll ask our readers to vote
for the top star of the 21st century.
The winner will appear
in a 20-page layout...
... in our magazine,
and we'll give her full support.
We want her to compete.
Now we are going to start
a press conference...
...for the Magazine
Glossy Princess Contest.
We're going to introduce the 12 girls
competing in the contest.
Entry number one, Kyoko Sasaki.
Nice to be here.
Entry number two, Miki Wakamatsu.
I'm Miki Wakamatsu.
Entry number nine, Kaori Ueda.
- She isn't here yet?
- I'll do my best.
- As usual, she's slow...
- Entry number ten, Yuko Nagashima.
- I ask for your support!
- I'm sorry...
Hurry up! Your turn is coming up!
Yes!
Entry number eleven,
Megumi Hoshino.
I'm 17 years old.
Oh, no! It's not her turn yet...!
I can't believe I've been invited
to compete in such a big event.
I'll do my best in the contest.
I ask for your support!
What is she doing?
Wow!
Oh, I'm sorry!
- What on earth is she doing?!
- Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Are you all right?
Protect those boobs!
Entry number twelve,
Tomoko Nomura.
Tomo-chan...
That's it. These are the twelve.
What were you thinking?
Tomoko is not a comedian!
You gave her
cheap encouragement!
I'm fine, Manager-san.
I like comedy, too.
Are you listening to me?!
In a situation like that, it's better
to be the center of attention.
Look.
TOROKO IS IN FACT SLOW
Toroko is already one step ahead.
I don't think
readers of this magazine...
... read sports newspapers.
Oh...?
Teacher, did you give anyone
an address for Tomoko's fan letters?
Yeah, the publisher asked me, so...
It's Toroko's home address.
What were you thinking?!
Her fans will swarm her home!
It wasn't me!
I faxed the office address. Really!
But it's likely that teacher...
... might have faxed
our class registry by mistake...
What are you going to do with this?!
Oh, shut up!
It only says "Address for fan letters."
If they don't know
this is her home address...
... nothing will happen.
I'm now in front of
a Ramen Restaurant in Kichijoji...
This isn't a restaurant
with the longest waiting line in Japan.
It is the result of new star
Tomoko Nomura's address...
... being published
in Shonen Magazine this week.
It has become a huge disturbance,
with fans and media...
... in front of Nomura-san's home.
Despite Nomura-san
being unknown to the public...
... it's becoming a serious problem
here, and police have been called.
It is because the magazine
has a circulation of five million.
Some say
Nomura-san's production team...
...put down her address on purpose.
That's the only
reasonable explanation.
- It's selling her name.
- Onizuka-san, they know now!
Because of this,
I've been busy...
... responding to the media
since this morning!
But you have time to come here...
This is the only place
the media doesn't know about!
Don't make a fuss.
It isn't cool, Okkie!
Not cool?!
Whose fault is that?!
Don't you remember our goal?
We're going to make Toroko
the top star of Glossy Princess.
That's our ultimate goal.
We can't choose
our strategy right now!
Teacher! Today's magazine!
The first results of the voting
are published in today's magazine.
You can complain after you see it.
This is...!
12th PLACE: TOMOKO NOMURA
She's at the bottom...
Don't worry about the ranking...
Beautiful sky...
Don't change the subject!
Good! Good!
The main readers of the magazines
are young students.
They don't like
sensational accidents like that.
I guess...
It's too late to analyze that.
Thank you, that's all!
Thank you very much.
Excuse me!
First of all...
...are you seriously thinking...
...about Tomo-chan?!
Of course!
Toroko is my student!
I think of her as my top priority.
It's a lie! It's definitely a lie!
DRESSING ROOM
Oh, no...
What's the matter, Toroko?
I can't find it...
I'm telling you.
I'm thinking of letting her compete
based on her glossy picture...
...as this is
a glossy princess contest.
Are you sure?
Don't complain until after you see
the swimming suit I picked.
Excuse me...
I can't find the swimming suit.
No way!
We had it a few minutes ago.
I turned my bag inside out.
No, we can't find it.
That means...
What are you going to do?
Today is the last day
of the photo shoot.
Toroko's size is F.
We can't get
another one very quickly.
Don't say that you'll let them
photograph Tomo-chan nude...
...just because we don't have
her swimming suit!
No way!
Oh, shut up!
I'll take care of it!
MGPC 2nd INTERIM REPORT
See, I did take care of it...
Have we ever seen a photograph...
...showing the beauty of a woman
so boldly and sensitively?
No, never!
This is a true glossy photograph...
...which can represent
the 21st century.
It's art!
Don't you agree?!
Right?
But she is
at the bottom of the rankings...
We agreed
to take this photograph...
...with "once-in-life-time" courage.
But it hasn't changed the result!
What are you going to do?!
Kids don't understand this art.
What can I do?
But this is not good...
If this continues, she'll be alone
at the bottom of the rankings...
Don't jump
to that conclusion so quickly.
This kind of contest is based
on the number of postcard votes.
I have a secret weapon for that.
He gathered
the motorcycle gangs here.
What is he thinking?
Are you serious, Eikichi?
Of course I'm serious,
very serious.
With the name
of the biggest group...
... in the Kanto area...
...everyone has to write
at least one thousand postcards!
Don't cheat!
I can't believe he called us
together to write postcards.
And what about the cost
for the postcards?
It comes out of your pocket!
Eikichi won't pay for that!
What kind of secret weapon is this?!
But block votes are
certainly the best method...
...for collecting votes.
Don't slow down!
MGPC 3rd INTERIM REPORT
The sky is getting
more and more blue...
You've got to be kidding me!
Fifty thousand! We wrote
at least fifty thousand postcards!
Why did it increase
only by one thousand?
Maybe someone misspelled.
Or the handwriting was so bad
that they couldn't read it...
Maybe the publisher found out
about the block votes...
...and we got penalized!
That must be it!
There is nothing that says
block votes are unacceptable.
Stop talking,
and you write more, too!
It's strange...
Before depositing them
in the mailbox...
... I checked all of the postcards.
I didn't see any postcards
that might be invalid.
Even if we got penalized
for some reason...
...they wouldn't impose a penalty
without contacting us.
Then...
Something fishy is going on
behind the scenes...
GREAT TOROKO OPPAI
Who's the contestant in first place?
First place... here it is!
This is it. Megumi Hoshino.
Oh, she belongs
to Warning Productions.
Warning Productions?
The biggest production company
in the industry.
People say if you are
against Warning Productions...
...you can't survive in the industry.
I see. Competing against someone
from Warning Productions...
...our chance of winning is...
Why am I discouraging myself?!
Tomoko Nomura is the best!
Tomo-chan is going to win!
All right! If that's the case,
I'm going to write postcards!
She was the one...
...in the photo session
before Toroko, wasn't she?
Before that, at the press conference,
Toroko knocked her down...
I see...
Good, Tomoko Nomura.
She's running alone at the bottom.
You embarrassed me...
... who belongs
to Warning Productions.
You should disappear
from the entertainment industry!
What's the matter, Megu-chan?
This isn't like you.
Don't worry about the contest.
What are you talking about?
There's no way I'll worry about it.
Yes, I see.
But just in case...
TOMOKO NOMURA
MEGUMI HOSHINO
Eighty percent
of the part-time workers...
...who are totaling the votes
are on our side...
Your win is assured.
Is that right?
So I'm finally joining the stars...
There will be a presentation
ceremony of the MGPC...
...here at Nippon Budokan
at four o'clock this evening.
This event has produced...
...a number of famous people.
We are going to find out...
... who is going to join
the stars this year.
Finally the day has come...
Is she going to embarrass herself
in front of the whole country?
I hope she isn't at the bottom.
Why are you guys
losing confidence?
Until the last report,
she's always been last.
How can we have confidence?
Winning is an impossible dream.
We don't know the results yet,
winning or coming in last...
But...
Trust me! A miracle will happen!
I've heard that before...
Shut up!
Miracles happen all the time!
Then they aren't miracles.
I believe it, too.
Tomoko has enough talent.
She can come from behind!
Hum...
This is the first time
we agree on something.
I wrote 230,000,000.
I did 300,000,000.
You did well.
Because I'm her manager...
I believe it, too.
It is already a miracle
for me to be here...
...and my photographs
were in the magazines.
If teacher says so,
a miracle will happen again!
Let's show them a miracle!
Yes!
TOMOKO
HANGIN THERE, TOMOKO!
Thank you for waiting.
Now we are going to have
the presentation ceremony...
...for the Magazine
Glossy Princess Contest.
We are going
to announce the top five.
In fifth place,
Kaori Ueda, 320, 057 votes!
Kaori-chan!
In fourth place,
Kyoko Sasaki, 356, 840 votes!
In third place,
Miki Wakamatsu, 380, 123 votes!
In second place,
Hiromi Tatsukawa, 437, 111 votes!
And we're going to announce
the first place winner...
... after showing all other
rankings on the board.
Why are they making us wait?!
Just tell us who's in first place.
TOMOKO NOMURA
As we thought...
What?!
No way!
That means the winner
of the Magazine Glossy Princess is...
...after receiving 1, 145, 231 votes...
... Megumi Hoshino!
Now we are going
to have the award ceremony.
That's not right!
There is no way Tomo-chan
could get the fewest votes.
That's right! All my friends
voted for Tomo-chan!
Shut up! The award ceremony
is starting. Be quiet!
What did you say?
What?!
Calm down, please calm down.
The audience
in Budokan is protesting.
I wonder what is happening.
Tomo-chan!
- Tomo-chan, Tomo-chan
- What should we do, Kibayashi-san?
- Tomo-chan, Tomo-chan...
- Let's give out the trophy and end it.
Roger!
Before presenting the trophy,
let's have the winner...
... Megumi Hoshino,
say a few words to her fans.
Please.
Everyone, thank you
very much for your votes.
Because of you,
I'm now the Glossy Princess.
Thank you very much!
Shut up, mean girl!
The winner is Tomo-chan,
of course!
Who do they think they are?!
Teacher!
I've found out the trick.
This! There are
a million postcards like this!
This is the one I wrote...
What does this mean?
What a dirty trick!
I don't forgive them!
I don't care if they are
the biggest production company!
Teacher, Toroko is...
Tomo-chan...
Thank you...
This is like a dream
that so many people support me.
I was able to debut and compete...
...in such a great contest
because you supported me.
No matter what my ranking is...
... I'm really touched.
So, everyone, please calm down.
Thank you very much...
Toroko received an invisible trophy.
What?
Then let's give the trophy...
Megumi-chan! Megumi-chan!
Everyone, thank you very...
...much.
The event is not over yet.
Please don't leave your seats.
We've got proof
that Warning Productions...
... leaked Toroko's address
and stole her swimming suit.
But with Toroko's speech...
It's a waste.
That's all right! It was fun!
Thank you, everyone.
If Toroko says so...
Even though a miracle
didn't happen...
I wouldn't say that...
Well, the results already came out.
Kichijoji, Kichijoji.
Thank you for riding.
- This is...
- Platform No.3...
- The doors are closing.
- What's that sound?
Please watch out.
Right now,
big crowds are gathering...
... around Tomoko Nomura's
home in Kichijoji.
Tomo-chan-fans...
... Tomoko Nomura fans
are gathering here.
Look at the number
of young people!
There are more here
than at Budokan.
Tomo-chan!
Keep on going!
We're cheering for you!
Teacher...!
WARNING PRODUCTION'S
PUT-UP JOB DISCLOSED
TORO-CHAN'S
BIG BREAKTHROUGH!!
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
Traitor!
I guess you can't,
because you're a princess.
Unbelievable!
I hope this lasts long...
I've got
some interesting information.
Don't worry. Make him drink
until he can't remember anything.
Hum... 1. 12 million yen...
Did I lose it?!
What?!
A secret school uniform bar?
SEE YA NEXT TIME